com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/statistics/inferential/ConfidenceIntervals.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.statistics.inferential.ConfidenceIntervals
com/twistral/toriamath/core/matrices/TMat2.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.matrices.TMat2
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/distributions/discrete/BernoulliDist.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.distributions.discrete.BernoulliDist
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/oned/ArrayRef.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.oned.ArrayRef
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/oned/IntArrRef.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.oned.IntArrRef
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/statistics/inferential/HypothesisTestings.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.statistics.inferential.HypothesisTestings
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/oned/FloatArrRef.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.oned.FloatArrRef
com/twistral/toriamath/core/numbers/ComplexNumber.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.numbers.ComplexNumber
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/oned/NumberArrRef.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.oned.NumberArrRef
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/ai/AStarPathFinder.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.ai.AStarPathFinder
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/random/TNoise.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.random.TNoise
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.random.TNoise$Vec2
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/cryptography/AsciiCipher.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.cryptography.AsciiCipher
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/twod/NumberArrRef2.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.twod.NumberArrRef2
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/statistics/descriptive/DataDescription.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.statistics.descriptive.DataDescription
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.statistics.descriptive.DataDescription$Mode
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/distributions/discrete/DiscreteUniformDist.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.distributions.discrete.DiscreteUniformDist
com/twistral/toriamath/special/ODESolver.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.special.ODESolver
com/twistral/toriamath/core/constants/CryptoConstants.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.constants.CryptoConstants
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/distributions/cont/ChiSquaredDist.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.distributions.cont.ChiSquaredDist
com/twistral/toriautils/containers/TCollections.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.containers.TCollections
com/twistral/toriamath/core/geometry/vectors/TVec2.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.geometry.vectors.TVec2
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/random/TRandom.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.random.TRandom
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/distributions/discrete/PoissonDist.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.distributions.discrete.PoissonDist
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/distributions/cont/TDist.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.distributions.cont.TDist
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/distributions/discrete/BinomialDist.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.distributions.discrete.BinomialDist
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/distributions/cont/ZDist.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.distributions.cont.ZDist
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/oned/LongArrRef.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.oned.LongArrRef
com/twistral/toriautils/containers/TArrays.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.containers.TArrays
com/twistral/toriamath/core/matrices/TMat4.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.matrices.TMat4
com/twistral/toriamath/special/IAF.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.special.IAF
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/cryptography/VigenereCipher.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.cryptography.VigenereCipher
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/statistics/inferential/ChiSquareTests.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.statistics.inferential.ChiSquareTests
com/twistral/toriamath/special/DiscreteMath.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.special.DiscreteMath
com/twistral/toriamath/core/matrices/TMatN.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.matrices.TMatN
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/statistics/freqtable/FrequencyClass.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.statistics.freqtable.FrequencyClass
com/twistral/toriamath/utils/TMath.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TMath
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TMath$ApacheArrays
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/twod/FloatArrRef2.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.twod.FloatArrRef2
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/statistics/descriptive/DescStats.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.statistics.descriptive.DescStats
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/cryptography/BaconCipher.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.cryptography.BaconCipher
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/twod/LongArrRef2.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.twod.LongArrRef2
com/twistral/toriamath/special/NumericalAnalysis.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.special.NumericalAnalysis
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/statistics/regression/RegressionResult.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.statistics.regression.RegressionResult
com/twistral/toriautils/plain/TStreamUtils.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.plain.TStreamUtils
com/twistral/toriamath/core/numbers/Fraction.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.numbers.Fraction
com/twistral/toriamath/core/geometry/TLine2D.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.geometry.TLine2D
com/twistral/toriamath/core/functions/oned/TPolynomial.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.functions.oned.TPolynomial
com/twistral/toriautils/colors/TPalettes.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.colors.TPalettes
com/twistral/toriamath/core/geometry/vectors/TVec3.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.geometry.vectors.TVec3
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/statistics/freqtable/FreqDistTable.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.statistics.freqtable.FreqDistTable
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/oned/GenericArrRef.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.oned.GenericArrRef
com/twistral/toriautils/colors/TColor.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.colors.TColor
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/twod/ArrayRef2.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.twod.ArrayRef2
com/twistral/toriamath/utils/TelekMathException.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$CombinationException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$DifferentMatrixSizeException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$DivisionByZeroException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$EqualBoundsException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$ExpectedValueAssumptionException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$HasNonLetterCharactersException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$InvalidSignStringException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$InvalidValueException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$IsNegativeException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$LinesAreNotParallelException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$NotAMultiplyOfNException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$NotASquareMatrixException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$NotEqualArrayLengthException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$NotEqualKeyAndValueException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$NotGreaterThanNException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$NotGreaterThanZeroException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$NotInRangeException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$PermutationException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$RepeatedCombinationException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$RepeatedPermutationException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$SampleSizeIsGreaterThanPopulationSizeException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$SortedDataLengthIsTooSmallException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$ThisLineIsNeverExecutedException
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$UnsupportedDistributionTypeString
 com.twistral.toriamath.utils.TelekMathException$VigenereCipherException
com/twistral/toriautils/colors/TPalette.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.colors.TPalette
com/twistral/toriamath/core/constants/TMathConstants.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.constants.TMathConstants
com/twistral/toriautils/plain/TStringUtils.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.plain.TStringUtils
com/twistral/toriautils/plain/TClassUtils.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.plain.TClassUtils
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/distributions/discrete/GeometricDist.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.distributions.discrete.GeometricDist
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/twod/IntArrRef2.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.twod.IntArrRef2
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/oned/NumericArray.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.oned.NumericArray
com/twistral/toriamath/core/functions/oned/AbstractSingleVarFunc.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.functions.oned.AbstractSingleVarFunc
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/twod/DoubleArrRef2.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.twod.DoubleArrRef2
com/twistral/toriamath/core/functions/oned/TCompositeFunc.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.functions.oned.TCompositeFunc
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/statistics/regression/SimpleRegression.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.statistics.regression.SimpleRegression
com/twistral/toriamath/core/functions/twod/TwoVarFunc.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.functions.twod.TwoVarFunc
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/random/Sampler.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.random.Sampler
com/twistral/toriamath/advanced/cryptography/CaesarCipher.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.advanced.cryptography.CaesarCipher
com/twistral/toriamath/core/matrices/TMat3.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.matrices.TMat3
com/twistral/toriautils/arrayref/oned/DoubleArrRef.java
 com.twistral.toriautils.arrayref.oned.DoubleArrRef
com/twistral/toriamath/special/LinearAlgebra.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.special.LinearAlgebra
com/twistral/toriamath/core/functions/TRange.java
 com.twistral.toriamath.core.functions.TRange
